[FIX] Rewrite the MRI/fieldmaps subsection for consistency with the rest of specs (#651)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/02-common-principles.md

The suffix `eeg` and the extension `.edf` depend on the imaging modality and
the data format and indicate further details of the file's contents.

> Key-value pairs SHOULD NOT be used to encode scanning parameters of the
> corresponding data.
> For instance, in echo-planar imaging MRI, the [`dir-<label>`](./99-appendices/09-entities.md#dir)
> MAY NOT be used as a replacement for the `PhaseEncodingDirection` metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain key-value pairs are used to distinguish files with different scanning parameters.
In these cases, the key-value pair SHOULD NOT be used as a replacement for a corresponding metadata field.
The associated field MUST still be present in the file's metadata.
For instance, in echo-planar imaging MRI, the [`dir-<label>`](./99-appendices/09-entities.md#dir) entity MAY be used to distinguish files with different phase-encoding directions, but the file's metadata sidecars MUST still include the `PhaseEncodingDirection` field.
```

This may not be any better, but I thought this deserved a bit more of an explanation.
